Update self-driving Q3 goals (#18242)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/teams/signals/objectives.mdx

## Q3 2026 goals

### Inbox

#### Make the Inbox UX amazing - Michael

- Users should not need to leave PostHog to merge a PR

#### Improve mergeability

- ReviewHog - Alex
- CI followups for autostarted tasks
- Screenshots and video previews of feature changes

#### Costs - Josh

- Reduce wasted token spend per PR, so that we can spend it on things that improve quality

#### Self-driving for non-engineers - Chris, Georgiy

> - PostHog AI is out, PostHog Work is in

Reviewer: Can we rephrase this slightly? I know what you mean by that, but other teams reading our goals might not.

PostHog AI will still be a thing, and we said we shouldn't call it PostHog Work. So maybe just remove this point?

I'd also clarify what we mean by "experiment" - I feel like in 3 months, we should have at least a couple of deliverables beyond experiments.

Author: dropped this, since we decided to drop the objective

- Experiment with CSM use cases for self-driving

#### Self-driving features - Olly

> - We have self-healing working. It's time for self-driving features

Reviewer: Can we add some detail here too?

#### Make it easy to use

- Add more sources, including logs and analytics
- Increase quality of our existing integrations
- Reduce friction to getting started with self-driving
- Templates and recipes for scouts

#### Memory

- Shared memory for agents running in the pipeline. Form factor TBD
- Semantic layer

#### Pricing - Annika

> - Experiment with different pricing models, including per-merged-PR and agentic pricing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Experiment with pricing to make sure we capture value, and cover our costs
```

I don't want to commit to per-merged-PR or agentic pricing yet, I think it's the suggestion that matters
